plugin-azure-devops-backend encoded host breaks readme (#15980)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/happy-cows-moo.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-azure-devops-backend': patch
---

> Fixed a bug in buildEncodedUrl function where the colon between host name and port was being encoded and breaking the readme card

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where the azure devops host in URLs on the readme card was being URL encoded, breaking hosts with ports.
```

Function names etc are internal concerns that you don't really know or care about when you read the changelog. The important bit is the user impact.

Author: Makes sense, updated. Thanks!
